TAPHandle is CDS/VOFrance (#118)
ivoa/ivoa-web: content/astronomers/applications.md

| [SkyView](http://skyview.gsfc.nasa.gov/) | NASA/HEASARC | A Virtual Observatory on the Net application for generating images of any part of the sky at wavelengths in all regimes from Radio to Gamma-Ray. |
| [SPLAT](http://star-www.dur.ac.uk/%7Epdraper/splat/splat-vo/) | GAVO | SPLAT is a graphical tool for displaying, comparing, modifying and analysing astronomical spectra stored in several file formats. Spectra can be read from local files or retrieved through VO protocols. |
| [SVO Discovery Tool](http://sdc.cab.inta-csic.es/SVODiscoveryTool) | SVO | A Spanish VO (SVO) service to look for images, spectra, physical parameters of photometry in the VO. |

> | [TAPHandle](http://saada.u-strasbg.fr/taphandle/) | VOFrance | Query TAP services and explore database content from within a Web Browser |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [TAPHandle](http://saada.u-strasbg.fr/taphandle/) | Observatoire Virtuel France | Query TAP services and explore database content from within a web browser |
```

Reviewer 2: VOFrance is the real name of the French virtual observatory. It is the same as SVO for Spain, GAVO for Germany, etc. I do not see the reason why we should hide the name of the French VO.
In brief, OK for "web browser" in lower case, but we should keep "VOFrance" as such.

Reviewer 2: But anyway, @lmichel told us that it should not be `VOFrance` but `Strasbourg Observatory - SSC XMM-Newton` or rather shorter with `ObAS`. I do a new commit to fix this.
